Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: kapteyn
Version: 2.0.1-a
Summary: Kapteyn Package
Home-page: http://www.astro.rug.nl/software/kapteyn/
Author: J.P. Terlouw, M.G.R. Vogelaar
Author-email: gipsy@astro.rug.nl
License: BSD
Download-URL: http://www.astro.rug.nl/software/kapteyn/kapteyn.tar.gz
Description: The Kapteyn Package is a collection of Python modules
        and applications developed by the computer group of the Kapteyn
        Astronomical Institute, University of Groningen, The Netherlands.  The
        purpose of the package is to provide tools for the development of
        astronomical applications with Python.
        
        The package is suitable for both inexperienced and experienced users and
        developers and documentation is provided for both groups.  The
        documentation also provides in-depth chapters about celestial
        transformations and spectral translations.
        
        Some of the package's features:
        
        * The handling of spatial and spectral coordinates, WCS projections
        and transformations between different sky systems.  Spectral
        translations (e.g., between frequencies and velocities) are supported
        and also mixed coordinates.  (Modules wcs and celestial)
        
        * Versatile tools for writing small and dedicated applications for
        the inspection of FITS headers, the extraction and display of (FITS)
        data, interactive inspection of this data (color editing) and for the
        creation of plots with world coordinate information.  (Module maputils)
        As one example, a gallery of all-sky plots is provided.
        
        * A class for the efficient reading, writing and manipulating simple
        table-like structures in text files.  (Module tabarray)
        
        * Utilities for use with matplotlib such as obtaining coordinate
        information from plots, interactively modifiable colormaps and timer
        events (module mplutil); tools for parsing and interpreting coordinate
        information entered by the user (module positions).
Platform: Linux
Platform: Mac OSX
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Cython
Classifier: Programming Language :: C
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Astronomy
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Visualization
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
